arrived arrived finally we have between
us the samsung galaxy 5 that ends
to present samsung in the mobile world
congress of barcelona
it comes in four colors that we have here
that is the electric blue the rest is the
black in white and a kind of gold
believe that we know it still very well
as it is in terms of major networks
we see that everything suite although it has not
suffered I know that such a change so
exaggerated that many expected yes that
he has committed quite a lot of suicide and the icons
they are now flatter more elegant and without
doubt very much much more beautiful
we can see how
the settings menu to change
radically probably the new
fit is more beautiful and more usable than
There is right now in all android
and it is very noticeable that a
effort to improve and by and by
polish that great unfinished business that
they always had other terminals the
Interface
it was everything
it's natural with running 2.5
2,800 gigahertz and the batteries together
to it samsung included technologies in
the screen looking to improve the
battery duration
otherwise, official functions
specific unique functionalities that
have arrived so far on the button
home is similar what we 're going now
on the iphone three fingerprints are included
fingernails that we're going to go up adjustments
to be able to prove how it works
good
supposedly he
you have to drag the dow several times
until it is recognized
and once done
we could perform functions like
unlock the phone with the apart of
that the most interesting thing is that samsung
has allied with paypal to be able to pay
through the unlock button with what
which really closes the circle and he
it's not just extra functionality
that allows us to unlock or download
applications as is the case of ios
that goes much further and allows us
close the ecosystem and make payments to
through the mobile phone with the
As for the back we see that the
galaxy 5 carry this flash in addition
it helps us measure the heart rate
if we put if we put our finger on it
is nothing new is something that we had already
seen new applications of ios that already
we live we have android apps
but what properties come very
integrated the heart pulse theme is
very important because it also comes
present in the rest of the functionalities
the rest of the devices that
presented samsung as can be the
galaxy gear or how the army can be
we keep seeing interface details by
example
when we change the blows the
wallpapers or widgets
we see that the icons are now very much
softer even the menus have been
softened very much
the bear is practically the same and yes
that puts some flaw in the design is that
the edges is that false aluminum that already
we saw with the galaxy s 4 still without
convince us
so without committing us completely
of that in question stop software
samsung includes features that allow
for example if we are very low in
battery holds for a long time that
small since we are putting the
phone a kind of mode
absolute hibernation that allows
Save battery according to samsung up to 12
more hours this is the new galaxy 5
for cell phones